feat(server): add v:useractive, use it in serverlist(info=true) (#39423)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/vvars.txt

		operator) and to one when used as a Number (e.g. in |expr5| or
		|expr7| when used with numeric operators).  Read-only.

				*v:useractivity* *useractivity-variable*
v:useractivity

> 		Nanoseconds since epoch (same precision as |v:starttime|) of the

Reviewer: this is a nonsense way to explain this.
```suggestion
		Timestamp indicating the most recent user activity.
		Same precision as |v:starttime|.
```

		most recent user input. Updated every time a key is received
		from a UI (TUI keystrokes or RPC |nvim_input()|).
		Initialized to 0 (no user activity since startup).

		Useful with |serverlist()| `info=true` to render a "last active"

> 		column in pickers like |:connect|.

Reviewer: this is irrelevant
```suggestion
```
